(upbeat rock music)
♪ Know me broken by my master ♪
♪ Teach thee on child of love hereafter ♪
♪ Into the flood again ♪
♪ Same old trip it was back then ♪
♪ So I made a big mistake ♪
♪ Try to see it once my way ♪
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Drifting body, it's sole desertion ♪
♪ Flying not yet, quite the notion ♪
♪ Into the flood again ♪
♪ Same old trip it was back then ♪
♪ So I made a big mistake ♪
♪ Try to see it once my way ♪
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Into the flood again ♪
♪ Same old trip it was back then ♪
♪ So I made a big mistake ♪
♪ Try to see it once my way ♪
♪ Am I wrong ♪
♪ Have I run too far to get home ♪
♪ Have I gone ♪
♪ And left you here alone ♪
♪ Am I wrong ♪
♪ Have I run too far to get home ♪
♪ Have I gone ♪
♪ And left you here alone ♪
♪ If I would, could you ♪